We need to add an H2 level **Current state** summary at the top of everybody’s README. For all repositories, this current state should include that we are currently pre-release. At this time, no changes should consider backward compatibility. Likewise, while we anticipate versioning releases in the future at this point, no consideration should be given to bumping any versions beyond managing the internal api_utils spa_utils dependencies. We are in a rapid iteration phase where features can be deprecated and removed without pause. 

API and SPA work should include a description of a “Test local, harvest global” strategy where we can make and test global features within this single repo with a plan to harvest any valuable, reusable resource’s into the utils library. 

On the SPA side, I would like to say something about a relationship between the data dictionary types, and reusable controls to display or edit values of that type. This is the type of code that when planned properly can be easily harvested for reuse. Unlike changes to existing utilities, this type of component can be independently tested and packaged. When modifications are needed to the utilities module, it’s easier and quicker to publish a new version than it is to mock some existing functionality.

On the API side, we can potentially share dictionary aligned services code between different API repos. That type of independently developed and published feature is well suited to the “Test local and harvest global” strategy. When modifications are needed to the utilities module (config…), it’s easier and quicker to publish a new version than it is to mock some existing functionality.